feat(changelog): functions-added-custom-domains-now-supports-websockets 2025-08-28 (#5479)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2025/2025-08-28-functions-added-custom-domains-now-supports-websockets.mdx

---
title: Custom domains now supports Websockets
status: added
date: 2025-08-28
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> Serverless Functions configured with Custom Domain is now compatible with Websockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions configured with custom domains are now compatible with Websockets.
```
